[SUPPORTENG-393] Auth: updates related to Connection Label (#327)
zapier/visual-builder: docs/_docs/basic.md

Finally, add a connection label to your Zapier integration. Zapier always includes the app's name in each account label. You can additionally include:

- Plain text that will be included in every account connection

> - Any information that that users enter in the Zapier authentication form when adding your app, including the username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any information that users enter in the Zapier authentication form when adding your app, such as the username
```
